build docker images from roles (#33)
wazo-platform/wazo-ansible: doc/docker.md

# Docker

To have the smallest possible changes between a deployment in pure
Ansible and a container based one, docker images are built from
ansible roles.

The `role2docker` script in the `bin` directory creates the docker

> image for a specific role. For example: `./bin/role2docker wazo_message_bus`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `role2docker` script in the `bin` directory creates the eponym docker
image, applying the given role over Debian Buster official image. For example: `./bin/role2docker wazo_message_bus`.
```
